docs(store): add "Typing Operators" section to `operators.md` (#1892)
ngxs/store: docs/advanced/operators.md

@Injectable()
export class AnimalsState {
  @Action(AddZebra)
  addZebra(ctx: StateContext<AnimalsStateModel>, action: AddZebra) {
    ctx.setState(
      patch<AnimalsStateModel>({
        zebras: append<string>([action.payload])
      })
    );
  }

  @Action(RemovePanda)
  removePanda(ctx: StateContext<AnimalsStateModel>, action: RemovePanda) {
    ctx.setState(
      patch<AnimalsStateModel>({
        pandas: removeItem<string>(name => name === action.payload)
      })
    );
  }

  @Action(ChangePandaName)
  changePandaName(ctx: StateContext<AnimalsStateModel>, action: ChangePandaName) {
    ctx.setState(
      patch<AnimalsStateModel>({
        pandas: updateItem<string>(
          name => name === action.payload.name,
          action.payload.newName
        )
      })
    );
  }
}
```

You will see that in each case above the state operators are wrapped within a call to the `patch` operator. This is only done because of the convenience that the `patch` state operator provides for targeting a nested property of the state.

## Typing Operators

> Always specifying types for the `patch` operator when doing nested updates is necessary. You can face cases when the `patch` operator cannot infer the nested structure type. Let's look at the following state:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifying types for the `patch` operator is always necessary when doing nested updates. You can face cases when the `patch` operator cannot infer the nested structure type. Let's look at the following state:
```

```ts
export class UpdateLine1 {
  static readonly type = '[Address] Update line1';
  constructor(readonly line1: string) {}
}

export interface AddressStateModel {
  country: {
    city: {
      address: {
        line1: string;
      };
    };
  };
}

@State<AddressStateModel>({
  name: 'address',
  defaults: {
    country: {
      city: {
        address: {
          line1: ''
        }
      }
    }
  }
})
@Injectable()
export class AddressState {
  @Action(UpdateLine1)
  updateLine1(ctx: StateContext<AddressStateModel>, action: UpdateLine1) {
    ctx.setState(
      patch({
        country: patch({
          city: patch({
            address: patch({
              line1: action.line1
            })
          })
        })
      })
    );
  }
}
```

> If we don't specify the `patch` type explicitly, all objects are inferred as `unknown`, meaning the TypeScript cannot tell us that we're doing something wrong or using the wrong type. The correct way of specifying nested types looks as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If we don't specify the type explicitly for `patch`, all objects are inferred as `unknown`, meaning that TypeScript cannot tell us that we're doing something wrong or using the wrong type. The correct way of specifying nested types is shown below:
```

```ts
export class UserState {
  @Action(UpdateLine1)
  updateLine1(ctx: StateContext<AddressStateModel>, action: UpdateLine1) {
    ctx.setState(
      patch<AddressStateModel>({
        country: patch<AddressStateModel['country']>({
          city: patch<AddressStateModel['country']['city']>({
            address: patch<AddressStateModel['country']['city']['address']>({
              line1: action.line1
            })
          })
        })
      })
    );
  }
}
```

> If we change `country` to `Qcountry` (intentional mistake), the compiler will tell us `Object literal may only specify known properties, but 'Qcountry' does not exist`. The same technique may be used with other operators if they cannot infer the type, specify the state model and chain properties to get the desired type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If we change `country` to `Qcountry` (intentional mistake), the compiler will tell us `Object literal may only specify known properties, but 'Qcountry' does not exist`. The same technique may be used with other operators if they cannot infer the type. 

💡 Tip: we can specify the state model type and chain properties to get the desired type. Like the example above.
```
